I am Katie with your Galco TV tech tip
an integrated circuit also referred to
as an IC is an electronic circuit formed
on a small piece of semiconducting
material performing the same function as
a larger circuit made from discrete
components an IC is a collection of
electronic components resistors
transistors capacitors etc all stuffed
into a tiny chip and connected together
to achieve a common goal integrated
circuits can be categorized as analog
digital or a combination of both analog
ICS work by processing continuous
signals they perform functions like
amplification active filtering
demodulation and mixing digital ICS
operate only at a few defined levels
instead of operating over all levels of
signal amplitude they are designed by
using multiple numbers of digital logic
gates multiplexer flip-flops and other
electronic components of circuits these
logic gates work with binary input data
or digital input data these devices are
used in computers computer networks
modems and frequency counters integrated
circuits that combine both analog and
digital ICS on a single chip are called
mixed IC use these functions as digital
to analog converters analog to digital
converters and class timing ICS the most
common example of a modern IC is the
computer processor which consists of
billions of fabricated transistors logic
gates and other digital circuitry now if
you have any questions that you would
like to ask us you can do so at our
technical help forums that's located at
forums also calm or for more information
head over to our website galco.com
[Music]